API -> Application programming interface.
        API stands for Application Programming Interface.
        In the context of APIs, the word Application refers to any software with a distinct function.
        Interface can be thought of as a contract of service between two applications.
        This contract defines how the two communicate with each other using requests and responses.

Types of API:
            1) GET:
                A GET request,
                in simple terms, is a way for you to grab data
                from a data source with the help of the internet.
            

            2) POST: (ADD)
                The POST request method requests that a web server accept the data enclosed
                in the body of the request message, most likely for storing it.
                It is often used when uploading a file or when submitting a completed web form.

            Example:
            URL: 'biryani'
            Payload: money, name, phone, address, {coffee, cookies, burger}

            
            3) PUT: (EDIT)(Replace)
                PUT is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.
            
            Example:
            Payload: money, name, phone, address, {coffee, cookies, burger, pizza}


            4) DELETE:
                    The HTTP DELETE method is used to delete a resource from the server.
                    Unlike GET and HEAD requests,
                    the DELETE requests may change the server state.
                    Sending a message body on a DELETE request might cause some servers to reject the request.
                    But you still can send data to the server using URL parameters.


            Example:

            Payload: {id(order)}
            
            5) PATCH:
                    PATCH is a method of modifying resources where the client sends
                    partial data that is to be updated without modifying the entire data.
            

            Example:
            Payload: {id(order), tip:20rs}.

            Order: + Tip: 20

